WIP: Pipelines Docs (#16639)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/pipelines/get-started.mdx

---
title: Get started
pcx_content_type: get-started
sidebar:
  order: 2
head:
  - tag: title
    content: Get started
---

import { Render, PackageManagers } from "~/components";

:::note

Pipelines is in **public beta**, and any developer with a [paid Workers plan](/workers/platform/pricing/#workers) can start using Pipelines immediately.

> Pipelines let you ingest real time streaming data, and store it in R2. Pipeline handles batching, partitioning, and optionally compressing your final files By following this guide, you'll create your first Pipeline, connect it to your R2 bucket, and post data to it via HTTP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pipelines let you ingest real time streaming data, and store it in R2. Pipeline handles batching, partitioning, and optionally compressing your final files. By following this guide, you will:

1. Create your first Pipeline.
2. Connect it to your R2 bucket.
3. Post data to it via HTTP.
```
